Chapter 1: The Falling Genius ()
The power of battle, three sections
Looking at the five big characters on the test magic stone tablet that were shining and even dazzling, the boy's face was expressionless, and there was a hint of self mockery on the corner of his lips. The tightly clenched palm, due to its strong force, caused slightly sharp nails to deeply pierce into the palm, causing waves of heartfelt pain
Xiao Yan, Dou Zhi Li, Three Sections! Level: Low! "A middle-aged man beside the test stone tablet glanced at the information displayed on the tablet and announced it in a indifferent tone
As soon as the middle-aged man blurted out his words, there was no surprise when a mocking commotion erupted in the crowded square.
Three paragraphs? Hehe, as I expected, this' genius' has been standing still this year
Hey, this trash has really disgraced the family
If it weren't for the patriarch being his father, this kind of waste would have been expelled from the family long ago and left to fend for itself. There wouldn't be any chance to stay in the family and eat and drink for free
Alas, how could the talented young man who was once famous for Wutan City be so down and out now
Who knows, perhaps you have done something wrong that angered the gods
The disdainful mockery and sighs of regret that came from around landed in the ears of the young man who was like a wooden stake stuck in place, as if sharp thorns were piercing his heart, causing him to breathe slightly and quickly.
The young man slowly raised his head, revealing a somewhat delicate and delicate face. His dark eyes swept over the mocking peers around him, and the self deprecation on the corner of his mouth seemed to become even more bitter.
Are these people so mean and powerful? Perhaps it's because they once showed the most humble smile in front of themselves three years ago, so now they want to get back... "With a bitter smile, Xiao Yan turned lonely and quietly returned to the last row of the team, his lonely figure, somewhat out of place with the world around him.
Next, Xiao Mei
Listening to the examiner's shouts, a young girl quickly ran out of the crowd. As soon as the girl appeared, the nearby discussion became much quieter, with a pair of slightly hot eyes firmly fixed on the girl's cheeks
The young girl is only around fourteen years old, and although she is not considered stunning, her childish little face contains a subtle charm, a combination of purity and charm, and contradictions, which successfully made her the focus of attention in the audience
The girl quickly stepped forward, her little hand gently touching the pitch black magic stone monument, and then slowly closed her eyes
After the girl closed her eyes for a moment, a light shone again on the pitch black magic stone monument
Douzhi Qi: Seven Sections
Xiao Mei, Douzhi Qi: Seven Sections! Level: Advanced
Yeah! "The girl's face lit up with a proud smile as she listened to the examiner's call for grades
Tsk tsk, the Qi of the Seven Section Dou is really remarkable. At this pace, it may only take three years at most for her to become a true fighter
He is truly a seed level figure in the family
Listening to the waves of envy coming from the crowd, the smile on the girl's cheeks was even more pronounced, and vanity was a temptation that many girls couldn't resist
Xiao Mei's gaze suddenly penetrated through the surrounding crowd and stopped on the lonely figure outside, laughing and chatting with her usual sisters
After frowning and contemplating for a moment, Xiao Mei finally dispelled her past thoughts. The two of them are no longer in the same class. Based on Xiao Yan's performance in recent years, as an adult, she can only serve as a lower level member of the family. With excellent talent, she will become a strong figure in the family's key cultivation, and her future can be said to be limitless.
Alas... "Xiao Mei let out an inexplicable sigh, and suddenly appeared in her mind the spirited young man from three years ago. At the age of four, she practiced Qi, possessed the Qi of Nine Duan Dou at the age of ten, and broke through the Qi of Ten Duan Dou at the age of eleven. She successfully condensed the Qi of Dou and became the youngest fighter in the family for a hundred years!
At the beginning, the young man was confident and had immeasurable potential, which made many young girls love him, including Xiao Mei in the past.
However, the path of genius always seems to be winding. Three years ago, this renowned genius boy suddenly received the cruelest blow in his life. Not only did he work hard for more than ten years to condense the fighting aura, but it also disappeared overnight. As time passed, the fighting aura inside his body became eerie and less intense.
The direct result of the disappearance of the fighting spirit is the continuous retreat of its strength.
From the altar of genius, he fell overnight to a point where even ordinary people were inferior. This blow made the young man lose his soul, and the name of genius was gradually replaced by disdain and ridicule.
The higher you stand, the harder you fall. This fall may never have the opportunity to climb up again.
Next, Xiao Xun
In the noisy crowd, the voice of the tester rang again.
As these elegant names sounded, the crowd suddenly quieted down, and all eyes suddenly shifted.
At the gathering place of everyone's gaze, a girl in a purple dress stood quietly, her calm and delicate face unchanged from the attention of the crowd.
The cold and indifferent temperament of a young girl is like the first blooming of a clear lotus. At a young age, she has already developed a refined temperament. It is hard to imagine how the girl will be truly beautiful if she grows up in the future
This purple dress girl, in terms of beauty and temperament, undoubtedly surpasses the previous Xiao Mei by a few points. No wonder everyone present is doing this.
As the lotus step moved slightly, a young girl named Xiao Xun'er walked up to the Demon Stone Stele. Her small hand reached out, and her purple sleeve inlaid with black gold thread slid down, revealing a section of her snow-white and delicate white wrist. She then lightly touched the stele
Slightly calm, the dazzling light bloomed again on the stone tablet.
Douzhi Qi: Nine Sections! Level: Advanced
Looking at the font on the stone tablet, there was a moment of silence in the field.
... It's actually ninth paragraph, it's really terrifying! The first person in the younger generation of the family, probably none other than Miss Xun. "After the silence, the young people around involuntarily swallowed a mouthful of saliva, their eyes filled with awe
The Qi of Dou is a necessary path for every fighter. The Qi of the initial stage of Dou is divided into one to ten sections. When the Qi of Dou reaches the tenth section in the body, it can condense the Qi of Dou and become a respected fighter!
In the crowd, Xiao Mei frowned and stared at the purple dress girl in front of the stone tablet, with a hint of jealousy flashing on her cheeks
Looking at the information on the stone tablet, a rare hint of a smile appeared on the indifferent face of the middle-aged tester beside him. He respectfully said to the girl, "Miss Xun, after six months, you should be able to gather your fighting spirit. If you succeed, then at the age of fourteen, you will become a true fighter. You are the second person in the Xiao family in a hundred years
Yes, the second person, the first person, is Xiao Yan, who has lost his aura of genius.
Thank you. "The girl nodded slightly, and her plain little face did not show any joy due to his praise. She quietly turned around and walked slowly to the decadent young man at the back of the crowd, amidst the fervent attention of everyone
Brother Xiao Yan. "As she passed by the young man, the girl paused and bowed respectfully towards Xiao Yan. On her beautiful and pretty face, she even showed a refined smile that made the girls around her jealous.
Do I still have the right to ask you what to say now? "Xiao Yan said bitterly as she looked at the pearl in front of her, which had grown into the most brilliant pearl in the family. She was one of the few people who still respected her after her own downfall.
Brother Xiao Yan, you once told Xun'er before that you need to be able to put it down before you can pick it up and lift it freely. You are a free person! "Xiao Xun'er smiled and said softly, with a slightly immature voice that warmed the heart and lungs.
Hehe, a free person? I only know how to say that. Do you see how I look now, like a free person? And... this world doesn't belong to me at all. "Xiao Yan sneered and said with a faint smile.
Faced with Xiao Yan's decadence, Xiao Xun'er's slender eyebrows furrowed slightly and said seriously, "Xiao Yan, although I don't know what's wrong with you, Xun'er believes that you will stand up again and regain your glory and dignity
Hehe... "Faced with the girl's undisguised candid words, the young man smiled awkwardly, but didn't say anything more. He didn't waste the young man for not being romantic, but now he doesn't have the qualifications and mood to turn around and walk slowly outside the square
Standing in the same spot, looking at the lonely figure of the young man who seemed to be isolated from the world, Xiao Xun'er hesitated for a moment, and then, amidst the jealous howls of wolves behind her, quickly chased after him, walking side by side with the young man
